Version 1.0
Last Updated: January 4, 2012
Cureatr Inc. Terms Of Service Agreement
This is a binding agreement ("Agreement") between Cureatr Inc. ("Cureatr") and You ("You" or "Your"). This Agreement governs Your use of Cureatr's messaging software, including without limitation all of the content and intellectual property therein and updates thereto (collectively, "Licensed Application"). Cureatr reserves all rights not expressly granted to You. Your use of the Licensed Application signifies your intent to be bound by the terms and conditions of this Agreement.
You agree to the terms of the HIPAA Addendum provided in Exhibit A, below.
You affirm that You are (a) 18 years of age or older; (b) a licensed physician or health care professional in good standing, or a verified medical student in the United States; (c) are not currently restricted or otherwise prohibited from using the Licensed Application; and (d) are able and competent to enter into and to abide by and comply with this Agreement.
Scope of License
Licensed Application is licensed, not sold, to You. Cureatr reserves all rights in and to Licensed Application not expressly granted to You under this Agreement. This license granted to You for Licensed Application by Cureatr is limited to a nontransferable license to use Licensed Application on Cureatr's web application and/or mobile devices that You own or control as permitted by this Agreement. This license does not allow You to use Licensed Application on any mobile device that You do not own or control, and You may not distribute or make Licensed Application available over a network where it could be used by multiple devices at the same time. You may not, and You may not permit any other party, to sublicense, lease, rent, reproduce, modify, display, distribute, or otherwise create a derivative work of all or any portion of Licensed Application. You may not attempt (or authorize, encourage or support attempts by others) to reverse-engineer or derive source code from Licensed Application or otherwise alter or interfere with Licensed Application.
You will use the Licensed Application solely for lawful purposes. In this respect You may not, without limitation, use the Licensed Application to (a) threaten, harass, invade the privacy of, or cause or intend to cause embarrassment or distress to any third party; (b) use any material or content in violation of third party proprietary rights; (c) modify, intercept, monitor, or damage any communication that is not intended for You; (d) use any kind of virus or worm designed to damage, distort, or delete the Licensed Application or the communication; (e) send any unsolicited communication not permitted by law; (f) send or expose to any third party material that is harmful to minors or is offensive, indecent, obscene, otherwise objectionable in any way; and/or (g) violate any applicable law, rule, or regulation.
You agree to maintain the privacy and security of Your sign-in credentials. You agree to, without limitation: (a) keep Your login password secure and confidential; (b) not obtain other Cureatr users' login credentials or use their accounts; (c) not allow others to use Your login credentials to access Your account; (d) not sell or transfer in any way Your account, or any portion of information therein, to a third party; (e) not sell or transfer in any way information of another Cureatr user to a third party; and (f) keep Your mobile device passcode confidential. Any activity occurring under Your user name and account is deemed to have been done by You, unless Your account has been terminated, or unless there has been a security breach of Your account through no fault of Your own. If You believe that Your account security has been compromised for any reason, please contact security@cureatr.com
Ownership of Intellectual Property and Materials
You acknowledge that the Licensed Application contains valuable intellectual property rights, is proprietary to Cureatr and its licensors and, except as expressly licensed herein, is the sole property of Cureatr. You will not obscure or remove any proprietary-rights notices of Cureatr or its licensors contained in Licensed Application regardless of how delivered and in what format or media.
Trademarks
Cureatr is a trademark of Cureatr Inc. No right, license, or interest in or to any trademarks of Cureatr or any third party is granted hereunder, and You agree that no such right, license, or interest shall be asserted by You with respect to such trademarks.
Consent to Use Data
"Aggregated Data" means information and data collected through or produced by the Licensed Application and/or developed by Cureatr that does not specifically identify You, any other user, any patients or any other individuals. Without limiting the generality of the foregoing, Aggregated Data may include statistical information concerning use of Licensed Application and de-identified message content, technical data and related information. You agree that Cureatr may collect and use Aggregated Data to (i) facilitate Cureatr's provision of software updates, product support, and other services to You (if any) related to Licensed Application; (ii) improve Cureatr's products and service offerings; and (iii) for research purposes.
Notifications
Cureatr will alert You to changes, such as modifications to this Agreement, Your Cureatr account, or services associated with Cureatr, through service messages and/or notices. Cureatr may notify You through Your Cureatr account or through other means, including but not limited to Your email or mobile device number. You agree that Cureatr is not liable for issues that may arise from Your failure to provide and maintain accurate contact or other information.
Availability of Services
You may access Cureatr as it currently exists and is available at any time with no further obligations, except for what is expressly provided in this Agreement.
Cureatr may change, modify, restrict or refuse access to, suspend or discontinue Cureatr, in part or entirely, for You or for all Cureatr users at our sole discretion. All of these actions are effective upon their posting on our website or through direct communication with You unless otherwise noted.
Privacy
Cureatr's Privacy Policy, which is hereby incorporated by reference and describes Cureatr's policies and procedures with respect to Your registration information and other personally-identifiable information. You agree that you consent to the terms of the Privacy Policy.
Interacting With Other Users
You agree to be solely responsible for Your interactions with other Cureatr users. Cureatr nonetheless reserves the right, without having the obligation, to monitor disputes between You and other users. Cureatr may, in its sole discretion, limit the number of connections You have with other users through the Licensed Application, prohibit You from contacting one or more users through the Licensed Application, or restrict, suspend, or terminate Your account.
You agree that Cureatr may periodically make You aware of commercial, educational, or financial opportunities relating to Your account and/or communications. You may decide to opt out of these notifications.
No Warranty
YOU EXPRESSLY ACKNOWLEDGE AND AGREE THAT USE OF THE LICENSED APPLICATION IS AT YOUR SOLE RISK AND THAT THE ENTIRE RISK AS TO SATISFACTORY QUALITY, PERFORMANCE, ACCURACY AND EFFORT IS WITH YOU, TO THE MAXIMUM EXTENT PERMITTED BY APPLICABLE LAW, THE LICENSED APPLICATION AND ANY SERVICES PERFORMED OR PROVIDED BY THE LICENSED APPLICATION ARE PROVIDED "AS IS" AND "AS AVAILABLE," WITH ALL FAULTS AND WITHOUT WARRANTY OF ANY KIND, AND APPLICATION PROVIDER HEREBY DISCLAIMS ALL WARRANTIES AND CONDITIONS WITH RESPECT TO THE LICENSED APPLICATION AND ANY SERVICES, EITHER EXPRESS, IMPLIED OR STATUTORY, INCLUDING, BUT NOT LIMITED TO, THE IMPLIED WARRANTIES AND/OR CONDITIONS OF MERCHANTABILITY, OF SATISFACTORY QUALITY, OF FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE, OF ACCURACY, OF QUIET ENJOYMENT, AND NON-INFRINGEMENT OF THIRD PARTY RIGHTS. CUREATR DOES NOT WARRANT AGAINST INTERFERENCE WITH YOUR ENJOYMENT OF THE LICENSED APPLICATION, THAT THE FUNCTIONS CONTAINED IN, OR SERVICES PERFORMED OR PROVIDED BY, THE LICENSED APPLICATION WILL MEET YOUR REQUIREMENTS, THAT THE OPERATION OF THE LICENSED APPLICATION OR SERVICES WILL BE UNINTERRUPTED OR ERROR-FREE, OR THAT DEFECTS IN THE LICENSED APPLICATION OR SERVICES WILL BE CORRECTED. NO ORAL OR WRITTEN INFORMATION OR ADVICE GIVEN BY CUREATR OR ITS AUTHORIZED REPRESENTATIVE SHALL CREATE A WARRANTY. SOME JURISDICTIONS DO NOT ALLOW THE EXCLUSION OF IMPLIED WARRANTIES OR LIMITATIONS ON APPLICABLE STATUTORY RIGHTS OF A CONSUMER, SO THE ABOVE EXCLUSION AND LIMITATIONS MAY NOT APPLY TO YOU.
Limitations of Liability
TO THE EXTENT NOT PROHIBITED BY LAW, IN NO EVENT SHALL CUREATR, ITS PARENTS, SUBSIDIARIES, AFFILIATES AND THEIR RESPECTIVE MEMBERS, DIRECTORS, OFFICERS, EMPLOYEES, STOCKHOLDERS AND AGENTS BE LIABLE FOR PERSONAL INJURY, OR ANY INCIDENTAL, SPECIAL, INDIRECT OR CONSEQUENTIAL DAMAGES WHATSOEVER, INCLUDING, WITHOUT LIMITATION, DAMAGES FOR LOSS OF PROFITS, LOSS OF DATA, BUSINESS INTERRUPTION OR ANY OTHER COMMERCIAL DAMAGES OR LOSSES, ARISING OUT OF OR RELATED TO YOUR USE OR INABILITY TO USE THIS LICENSED APPLICATION, HOWEVER CAUSED, REGARDLESS OF THE THEORY OF LIABILITY (CONTRACT, TORT OR OTHERWISE) AND EVEN IF CUREATR HAS BEEN ADVISED OF THE POSSIBILITY OF SUCH DAMAGES. SOME JURISDICTIONS DO NOT ALLOW THE LIMITATION OF LIABILITY FOR PERSONAL INJURY, OR OF INCIDENTAL OR CONSEQUENTIAL DAMAGES, SO THIS LIMITATION MAY NOT APPLY TO YOU. IN NO EVENT SHALL CUREATR'S TOTAL LIABILITY TO YOU FOR ALL DAMAGES (OTHER THAN AS MAY BE REQUIRED BY APPLICABLE LAW IN CASES INVOLVING PERSONAL INJURY) EXCEED THE AMOUNT OF FIFTY DOLLARS ($50.00). THE FOREGOING LIMITATION WILL APPLY EVEN IF THE ABOVE STATED REMEDY FAILS OF ITS ESSENTIAL PURPOSE.
Force Majeure
Cureatr shall not be liable for any failure or unavailability of the Licensed Application or failure by Cureatr to act as a result of events beyond Cureatr's control, including but not limited to natural disasters, power failures, strikes, riots, acts of vandalism, lockouts, calamities, acts or omissions of civil or military authority, war, terrorism, or acts of God.
Indemnity
You agree to defend, indemnify and hold Cureatr, its parents, subsidiaries, affiliates and their respective members, directors, officers, employees, stockholders and agents harmless against any losses, expenses, costs or damages, including Cureatr's reasonable attorneys' fees and other reasonable costs of litigation, arising from, incurred as a result of, or in any manner related to (a) Your breach of this Agreement, (b) Your unauthorized or unlawful use of the Licensed Application, (c) any violations of intellectual property laws; and/or (d) the unauthorized or unlawful use of the Licensed Application by any other person using Your username and account.
Termination
User's Right to Termination: You may terminate this Agreement, for any or no reason, at any time, by notifying Cureatr at closeaccount@cureatr.com, or via mail or courier at: Cureatr Inc., 285 W Broadway, Suite 200 New York, NY 10013. The termination is effective upon Cureatr processing Your notice of termination.
Cureatr's Right to Termination: Cureatr may terminate this Agreement, for any or no reason, at any time, with or without notice. This termination is effective immediately or as specified in a notice to You.
Misusing the Licensed Application: Cureatr may restrict, suspend or terminate the account of any user who misuses the Licensed Application. Misuse of the Licensed Application includes engaging in any of the prohibited conduct described in Sections 4-6 or any other behavior that Cureatr, in its sole discretion, deems contrary to its purpose.
Effect of Termination: Upon the termination of Your Cureatr account, You lose access to the Licensed Application. Termination may also bar You from future use of Cureatr and its Licensed Application. The terms of this Agreement shall survive any termination, except Section 4 hereof.
Suspension
Cureatr may, in its sole discretion and to the maximum extent permitted, modify, or discontinue or suspend Your ability to use any version of the Licensed Application, and/or disable any Licensed Application You may already have accessed or installed without any notice to You for the repair, improvement, and/or upgrade of the underlying technology or for any other justifiable reason, including but not limited to, misuse of the Licensed Application, as described in previous sections.
Exporting
You may not use or otherwise export or re-export the Licensed Application except as authorized by United States law and the laws of the jurisdiction in which the Licensed Application was obtained. In particular, but without limitation, the Licensed Application may not be exported or re-exported (a) into any U.S. embargoed countries or (b) to anyone on the U.S. Treasury Department's list of Specially Designated Nationals or the U.S. Department of Commerce Denied Person's List or Entity List. By using the Licensed Application, You represent and warrant that You are not located in any such country or on any such list. You also agree that You will not use these products for any purposes prohibited by United States law, including, without limitation, the development, design, manufacture or production of nuclear, missiles, or chemical or biological weapons.
No Relationship with Apple; Apple as Third Party Beneficiary
You acknowledge and agree that this Agreement constitutes a legal Agreement between You and Cureatr only, and not Apple Inc. and its subsidiaries ("Apple"). Cureatr, and not Apple, is solely responsible for Licensed Application and its content. Cureatr, and not Apple, is solely responsible for any Licensed Application warranties, maintenance and support as may be required by law. Cureatr, and not Apple, is solely responsible for addressing any and all claims by You or any third party relating to Licensed Application. Cureatr and You acknowledge and agree that Apple and its subsidiaries are third party beneficiaries of this Agreement and that, upon Your acceptance of the Agreement, Apple will have the right (and will be deemed to have accepted the right) to enforce the Agreement against You as a third party beneficiary of this Agreement.
Entire Agreement
The terms and conditions of this Agreement, and any other policy or addendum incorporated by reference herein, constitute the entire agreement between You and Cureatr with respect to the subject matter hereof and will supersede and replace all prior understandings and agreements, in whatever form, regarding the subject matter.
This Agreement will be posted on the Cureatr's website cureatr.com. We reserve the right to modify, supplement or replace the terms of the Agreement, effective upon posting at the website or notifying You otherwise. You agree to regularly review that website for revisions to this Agreement, and that Your use of the Licensed Application signifies Your intent to be bound by the current version of this Agreement. If You do not want to agree to changes to the Agreement, You can terminate this Agreement at any time per Sections 20-24 (Termination).
Partial Invalidity
If any court or administrative body of competent jurisdiction finds that any provision of this Agreement, or any part of a provision, is illegal, invalid or unenforceable, and the provision (or part-provision) in question is not of a fundamental nature to this Agreement as a whole, the legality, validity or enforceability of the remainder of this Agreement (including the remainder of the term which contains the relevant provision) shall remain unaffected.
No Waiver
Any failure by Cureatr to act, or delay to act, a right or remedy provided by this Agreement or under the law does not constitute a waiver of that right or remedy. Even if Cureatr waives a breach provision or part-provision, Cureatr's waiver does not constitute a waiver of subsequent breaches of that provision, part-provision, any other provision of this Agreement, or right or remedy provided under the law.
No Injunctive Relief, Rescission, or Other Equitable Relief
In no event shall You seek or be entitled to injunctive relief, rescission, or other equitable relief, or to enjoin or restrain the operations of the Licensed Application.
No Assignment
You may not assign or delegate any rights or obligations under the Agreement. Cureatr may assign or delegate all rights and obligations under this Agreement, in part or in full, without notice to You. We may also substitute, by way of unilateral novation, effective upon notice to You, Cureatr, or any third party that assumes our rights and obligations under this Agreement.
Notices Pursuant to DMCA
The Digital Millennium Copyright Act of 1998 (the "DMCA") provides recourse for copyright owners who believe that material appearing on the Internet infringes their rights under U.S. copyright law. If you believe in good faith that a message which is made available using Cureatr and/or the Licensed Application infringes your copyright, you (or your agent) may send Cureatr a notice requesting that the message be removed or that access to it be blocked. Notices and counter-notices must meet the then-current statutory requirements imposed by the DMCA (see http://www.copyright.gov/legislation/dmca.pdf for details). Notices and counter-notices should be sent to Cureatr at:
By Mail:
      Cureatr Inc.
      285 W Broadway
      Suite 200
      New York, NY 10013.
By Email: support@cureatr.com
Applicable Law
The laws of New York, excluding its conflicts of law rules, govern this license and Your use of Licensed Application. Your use of Licensed Application may also be subject to other local, state, national, or international laws. The sole and exclusive jurisdiction and venue for any litigation arising out of this Agreement shall be an appropriate federal or state court located in the New York, except as otherwise agreed by the parties or as described in the Arbitration provision below. The parties agree not to raise, and waive, any objections or defenses based upon venue or forum non conveniens. Notwithstanding the above, You agree that Cureatr shall still have the right to seek injunctive relief in any jurisdiction.
In the event of any dispute between the parties that arises under this Agreement, the party requesting relief may seek dispute resolution through binding non-appearance-based arbitration. If the party seeking relief elects arbitration, they shall initiate arbitration proceedings through an established alternative dispute resolution provider mutually agreed upon by the parties. The place of arbitration shall be New York, New York. The arbitrators are empowered to award damages in accordance with Section 17 (Limitation of Liability), and may not award punitive damages. Unless adjudged otherwise, each party will bear its own costs of arbitration.
Exhibit A: HIPAA Addendum
In connection with Your use of the Licensed Application, Cureatr creates or receives Protected Health Information from or on behalf of You (or "Covered Entity"), which information is subject to protection under the Privacy and Security Regulations of the federal Health Insurance Portability and Accountability Act of 1996 ("HIPAA"), the Health Information Technology for Economic and Clinical Health Act of 2009 (the "HITECH Act"), and related applicable state regulations. This HIPAA Addendum is entered into as of the date that You electronically agree to the Cureatr Inc. Terms Of Service Agreement.
Definitions
Terms used, but not otherwise defined, in this Agreement shall have the same meaning given to those terms by HIPAA, the HITECH Act, and applicable state regulations as in effect or as amended from time to time.
Specific terms are as follows:
"Agreement" shall mean the Licensed Application Terms Of Service Agreement and HIPAA Addendum between Cureatr and Covered Entity.
"Breach" shall have the same meaning as the term "breach" in the HITECH Act, Section 13400(1).
"Company" shall mean Cureatr Inc.
"Covered Entity" shall mean You.
"Designated Record Set" shall have the same meaning as "designated record set" in 45 CFR Section 164.501.
"Electronic Protected Health Information" shall have the same meaning as "electronic protected health information" in 45 CFR Section 160.103, limited to the information that Company creates, receives, maintains, or transmits from or on behalf of Covered Entity.
"Health Care Operations" shall have the same meaning as the term "health care operations" in 45 CFR Section 164.501.
"Individual" shall have the same meaning as the term "individual in 45 CFR Section 160.103 and shall include a person who qualifies as a personal representative in accordance with 45 CFR Section 164.502(g).
"Protected Health Information" shall have the same meaning as "protected health information" in 45 CFR Section 160.103, limited to the information created, received, maintained or transmitted by Company on behalf of Covered Entity.
"Privacy Rule" shall mean the Standards for Privacy of Individually Identifiable Health Information at 45 CFR Part 160 and Part 164.
"Protected Health Information" shall have the same meaning as the term "protected health information" in 45 CFR Section 160.103, limited to the information created or received by Company from or on behalf of Covered Entity.
"Required By Law" shall have the same meaning as the term "required by law" in 45 CFR Section 160.103.
"Secretary" shall mean the Secretary of the Department of Health and Human Services or his designee.
"Security Incident" shall have the same meaning as the term "security incident" in 45 CFR 164.306.
"Security Rule" shall mean the Security Standards at 45 Part 160 and Part 164.
"Unsecured Protected Health Information" shall have the same meaning as the term "unsecured protected health information" in 45 CFR Section 164.402.
Obligations and Activities of Company
Use and Disclosure. Company agrees to not use or disclose Protected Health Information other than as permitted or required by the Agreement or as Required By Law. Company may disclose Protected Health Information to report violations of law to federal and state authorities.
Appropriate Safeguards. Company agrees to use appropriate safeguards to prevent use or disclosure of the Protected Health Information other than as provided for by this Agreement. Without limiting the generality of the foregoing sentence, Company will implement administrative, physical, and technical safeguards that reasonably and appropriately protect the confidentiality, integrity and availability of Electronic Protected Health Information as required by the Security Rule and the HITECH Act.
Reporting. Company agrees to report to Covered Entity any illegal, unauthorized, or improper use or disclosure of the Protected Health Information, breach, or successful security incident of which Company becomes aware. Company will report without unreasonable delay and within twenty (20) calendar days. Company further agrees, consistent with Section 13402 of the HITECH Act, to provide Covered Entity with information necessary for Covered Entity to meet the requirements of said section.
Mitigation. If the improper use or disclosure of Protected Health Information, breach, or successful security incident is a breach of unsecured Protected Health Information, Company agrees to take commercially reasonable actions to mitigate any harmful effect that is known to Company as a result of these violations, and to adopt additional or improve existing safeguards to prevent recurrence.
Agents. Company agrees to ensure that any agent, including a subcontractor, to whom it provides Protected Health Information received from, or created or received by Company on behalf of Covered Entity agrees to the same restrictions and conditions that apply through this Agreement to Company with respect to such information. Company further agrees that restrictions and conditions analogous to those contained herein shall be imposed on Agents and/or subcontractors via a written agreement, and that Company shall only provide Agents and/or subcontractors Protected Health Information consistent with Section 13405(b) of the HITECH Act.
Access to Protected Health Information.
Upon a request by Covered Entity, and without unreasonable delay and within twenty (20) calendar days, Company shall provide Protected Health Information in its possession in order for Covered Entity to comply with its obligations under 45 CFR Section 164.524 to provide individuals with access to their Protected Health Information.
Without unreasonable delay and within ten (10) calendar days, Company shall notify Covered Entity of receiving a request from an Individual to access Protected Health Information. Following receipt of such notice from Company, Covered Entity shall handle such request from the individual.
Amendments to Protected Health Information.
Upon a request by Covered Entity, and without unreasonable delay and within twenty (20) calendar days, Company shall provide Protected Health Information in its possession to Covered Entity in order for Covered Entity to comply with its obligations under 45 CFR Section 164.526 to provide individuals the right to amend their Protected Health Information.
Without unreasonable delay and within ten (10) calendar days, Company shall notify Covered Entity of receiving a request from an individual to amend Protected Health Information. Following receipt of such notice from Company, Covered Entity shall handle such request from the individual.
Access to Designated Records Sets. Company agrees to provide access, at the request of Covered Entity to Protected Health Information in a Designated Record Set to Covered Entity or, as directed by Covered Entity, to an Individual in order to meet the requirements under 45 CFR Section 164.524, provided that Covered Entity delivers to Company a written notice at least five (5) calendar days in advance of requesting such access. This provision does not apply if Company and its employees, subcontractors and Agents have no Protected Health Information in a Designated Record Set of Covered Entity.
Amendments to Designated Records Sets. Company agrees to make any amendment(s) to Protected Health Information in a Designated Record Set that the Covered Entity directs or agrees to pursuant to 45 CFR Section 164.526 at the request of Covered Entity or an Individual. This provision does not apply if Company and its employees, subcontractors and Agents have no Protected Health Information in a Designated Record Set of Covered Entity.
Access to Books and Records. Unless otherwise protected or prohibited from discovery or disclosure by law, Company agrees to make internal practices, books, and records, including policies and procedures (collectively, "Compliance Information"), relating to the use and disclosure of Protected Health Information received from, or created or received by Company on behalf of Covered Entity available to the Secretary, for purposes determining Company and Covered Entity's compliance with HIPAA, the HITECH Act, and applicable state regulations. Company further agrees, at the request of Covered Entity, to provide Covered Entity with demonstrable evidence that its Compliance Information ensures Company's compliance with this Agreement over time. Company shall have a reasonable time within which to comply with requests for such access and/or demonstrable evidence. In no case shall access, or demonstrable evidence, be required in less than ten (10) calendar days after Company's receipt of such request, unless otherwise designated by the Secretary.
Accounting. Company agrees to document such disclosures of Protected Health Information and information related to such disclosures as would be required for Covered Entity to respond to a request by an Individual for an accounting of disclosures of Protected Health Information in accordance with HIPAA, the HITECH Act, and applicable state regulations.
Requests for Accounting. On request of Covered Entity, Company agrees to provide to Covered Entity information collected in accordance with Section 13 of this Agreement (Accounting), to permit Covered Entity to respond to a request by an Individual for an accounting of disclosures of Protected Health Information in accordance with HIPAA, the HITECH Act, and applicable state regulations. Such accounting shall include, with respect to each disclosure: the date of the disclosure; the name (and address, if known) of the entity or person receiving the Protected Health Information; a description of the Protected Health Information disclosed; a statement of the purpose of the disclosure; and any other information the Secretary may require under 45 CFR Section 164.528. Company shall have a reasonable time within which to comply with such a request from Covered Entity, and in no case shall Company be required to provide such documentation in less than ten (10) calendar days after Company's receipt of such request.
Except as provided for in this Agreement, in the event Company receives an access, amendment, accounting of disclosure, or other similar request directly from an Individual, Company shall redirect the Individual to the Covered Entity.
Permitted Uses and Disclosures By Company
Services Agreement. Except as otherwise limited in this Agreement, Company may use or disclose Protected Health Information to perform functions, activities, or services for, or on behalf of, Covered Entity as specified in this Agreement, provided that such use or disclosure would not violate HIPAA, the HITECH Act, or applicable state regulations if done by Covered Entity. All other uses or disclosures by Company not authorized by this Agreement or by specific instruction of Covered Entity are prohibited.
Use for Administration of Company. Except as otherwise limited in this Agreement, Company may use Protected Health Information for the proper management and administration of the Company or to carry out the legal responsibilities of the Company.
Disclosure for Administration of Company. Except as otherwise limited in this Agreement, Company may disclose Protected Health Information for the proper management and administration of the Company, provided that disclosures are Required By Law, or Company obtains reasonable assurances from the person to whom the information is disclosed that it will remain confidential and used or further disclosed only as Required By Law or for the purpose for which it was disclosed to the person, and the person notifies the Company of any instances of which it is aware in which the confidentiality of the information has been breached.
Data Aggregation. Except as otherwise limited in this Agreement, Company may use Protected Health Information to provide Data Aggregation services to Covered Entity as permitted by 45 CFR Section 164.504(e)(2)(i)(B). Company agrees that such Data Aggregation services shall be provided to Covered Entity only wherein said services pertain to Health Care Operations. Company further agrees that said services shall not be provided in a manner that would result in disclosure of Protected Health Information to another covered entity who was not the originator and/or lawful possessor of Protected Health Information. Further, Company agrees that any such wrongful disclosure of Protected Health Information is a direct violation of this Agreement and shall be reported to Covered Entity immediately after the Company becomes aware of said disclosure and, under no circumstances, later than ten (10) calendar days thereafter.
Reporting Violations. Company may use Protected Health Information to report violations of law to appropriate Federal and State authorities, consistent with 45 CFR Section 502(j)(1).
Obligations of Covered Entity
Covered Entity shall notify Company of any limitation(s) in its notice of privacy practices of Covered Entity in accordance with 45 CFR Section 164.520, to the extent that such limitation may affect Company's use or disclosure of Protected Health Information.
Covered Entity shall notify Company of any changes in, or revocation of, permission by Individual to use or disclose Protected Health Information, to the extent that such changes may affect Company's use or disclosure of Protected Health Information.
Covered Entity shall notify Company of any restriction to the use or disclosure of Protected Health Information that Covered Entity has agreed to in accordance with 45 CFR Section 164.522 to the extent that such restriction may affect Company's use or disclosure of Protected Health Information.
Covered Entity shall notify Company of any modifications to accounting disclosures of Protected Health Information under 45 CFR Section 164.528, made applicable under Section 13405(c) of the HITECH Act, to the extent that such restrictions may affect Company's use or disclosure of Protected Health Information.
Covered Entity represents and warrants that any and all consents, authorizations, or other permissions necessary under HIPAA, the HITECH Act, or applicable state regulations to transmit information through the Licensed Application and/or under this Agreement have been properly secured.
Covered Entity represents and warrants that it has obtained any and all authorizations from Individual for any use or disclosure of PHI for marketing, unless the marketing communication is made without any form of remuneration (i) to describe medical services or products provided by either party; (ii) for treatment of the Individual; or (iii) for case management or care coordination for the Individual or to direct or recommend alternate treatments, therapies, providers or settings.
Permissible Requests By Covered Entity
Except as set forth in Sections 16-20 (Permitted Uses and Disclosures By Company), Covered Entity shall not request Company to use or disclose Protected Health Information in any manner that would not be permissible under HIPAA, the HITECH Act, or applicable state regulations if done by Covered Entity, unless Company will use or disclose protected health information for data aggregation or management and administrative activities of Company.
Term and Termination
Term. The Term of this Agreement shall be effective as of the date on which Covered Entity electronically registers for the Licensed Application, and shall continue in effect for as long as Covered Entity is registered for the Licensed Application, in accordance with Sections 20-23 (Termination) of the Terms Of Service Agreement.
Termination for Cause.
Termination for Cause By Covered Entity: Upon Covered Entity's knowledge of a material breach of this Agreement by Company, Covered Entity shall give Company written notice of such breach and provide reasonable opportunity for Company to cure the breach or end the violation. Covered Entity may terminate this Agreement, and Company agrees to such termination, if Company has breached a material term of this Agreement and does not cure the breach or cure is not possible. If neither termination nor cure is feasible, Covered Entity shall report the violation to the Secretary.
Termination for Cause by Company: Upon Company's knowledge of a material breach of this Agreement by Covered Entity, Company shall give Covered Entity written notice of such breach and provide reasonable opportunity for Covered Entity to cure the breach or end the violation. Company may terminate this Agreement, and Covered Entity agrees to such termination, if Covered Entity has breached a material term of this Agreement and does not cure the breach or cure is not possible. If neither termination nor cure is feasible, Company shall report the violation to the Secretary.
Effect of Termination.
Except as provided in paragraph (2) of this section, upon termination of this Agreement, for any reason, Company shall return or destroy all Protected Health Information received from Covered Entity, or created or received by Company on behalf of Covered Entity. This provision shall apply to Protected Health Information that is in the possession of subcontractors or agents of Company. Company shall retain no copies of the Protected Health Information.
In the event that Company determines that returning or destroying the Protected Health Information is infeasible, Company shall provide to Covered Entity notification of the conditions that make return or destruction infeasible. Upon such determination, Company shall extend the protections of this Agreement to such Protected Health Information and limit further uses and disclosures of such Protected Health Information to those purposes that make the return or destruction infeasible, for so long as Company maintains such Protected Health Information.
All reasonable fees incurred to cause the return, destruction, or storage of Protected Health Information shall be borne by the Covered Entity.
Miscellaneous
Regulatory References. A reference in this Agreement to a section in HIPAA, the HITECH Act, or applicable state regulations means the section as in effect or as amended.
Amended. The Parties agree to take such action as is necessary to amend this Agreement from time to time as is necessary for Covered Entity to comply with the requirements of HIPAA, the HITECH Act, or applicable state regulations.
Survival. The respective rights and obligations of Company under Section 30 (Effect of Termination) of this Agreement shall survive the termination of this Agreement.
Interpretation. Any ambiguity in this Agreement shall be resolved to permit the parties to comply with HIPAA, the HITECH Act, or applicable state regulations.
Severability. If any provision or provisions of this Agreement is/are determined by a court of competent jurisdiction to be unlawful, void, or unenforceable, this Agreement shall not be unlawful, void or unenforceable thereby, but shall continue in effect and be enforced as though such provision or provisions were omitted.
YOU EXPRESSLY ACKNOWLEDGE THAT YOU HAVE READ THIS AGREEMENT AND UNDERSTAND THE RIGHTS, OBLIGATIONS, TERMS AND CONDITIONS SET FORTH HEREIN. BY CLICKING ON THE ACCEPT BUTTON AND/OR CONTINUING TO INSTALL THE LICENSED APPLICATION, YOU EXPRESSLY CONSENT TO BE BOUND BY ITS TERMS AND CONDITIONS AND GRANT TO COMPANY THE RIGHTS SET FORTH HEREIN.